Instructions for copying .xcconfig files to share build settings:

XCode 4.1 is very finicky when you copy a group reference (yellow folder icon in a project)
into another project. Most of the time the group and its children lose their Location settings.
Therefore, if you want to copy the xcconfigs group reference into another project you must
follow these instructions:

How to copy the xcconfigs group reference into another project safely:

1) With the Utilities Panel open (pane on the right of the workspace), select the xcconfigs
     group folder you want to copy and observe that Location is "Relative to Project." If not,
     change it to "Relative to Project".

2) Now, select all of the children (files with .xcconfig extensions) in the xcconfigs group you
     want to copy and make sure the Location in the Utilities panel is set to "Relative to Project."
     If not, change it to "Relative to Project" and make sure each file is properly located by
     its displayed Full Path.

3) Once you have confirmed that the group and its children are all "Relative to Project", drag
     the group reference only, into the destination project. When the dialog appears, choose
     "Create groups for any added folders" and uncheck all the boxes for "Add to targets."

4) The group reference will appear in the destination, but you need to repeat steps 1 and 2
     in the newly copied group reference to make sure that all of the Location settings are on
     "Relative to Project." If you don't do this, then if you copy that group in the future the
     references will become absolute paths and eventually break someone's build.

5) Select your project in the Navigator (left panel), and choose the project under Projects to
     display the settings. On the Info tab, expand everything under Configurations, set everything
     "None" if it is not already on None.

6) For each Configuration, choose the appropriate xcconfig file:

     Debug: SharedDebug.xcconfig
     iOS Target: SharediOS.xcconfig
     MacOS Target: SharedMacOS.xcconfig

     If your project is a static library then choose
     Release: SharedRelease.xcconfig

     If your target is an application then choose
     Release: SharedReleaseApp.xcconfig

The SharedReleaseApp.xcconfig settings will strip debug symbols from the resulting binary
while preserving the dSYM file in case you need to debug a release build later. You will need
to manually delete the dSYM from your final distribution .app, unless you want to fool with
adding another target just to do that (I don't recommend it).

For some reason, XCode tends to change these settings when a group is copied. I've tried
all combinations of Location settings and copy options but nothing seems to preserve the
"Relative to Project" Location property when copying a group reference to another project.

If anyone can provide information on this, it would be great. I think its a bug in XCode 4.1.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

To use your own copy of the .xcconfig files instead of the ones that come with DSPFilters,
first make a copy of the directory containing the .xcconfig files. Then, instead of checking out
the trunk of dspfilterscpp, check out trunk/shared. In the directory containing this working
copy, create a directory called "user" and replicate the directory structure of the "trunk/user"
directory in the dspfilterscpp repo, except that your copy is either not source controlled, or
checked into your own repo. Now you can change the .xcconfig files to suit your needs, and
DSPFilters, JuceAmalgam, and DSPFiltersDemo will use your files instead.

To get maximum effect, you will want to change your own projects to use these new shared
build settings.
